to see the entire 60 minute video go to
yahoo video and search robert mori on
their homepage these links will also get
you there WWF i'll calm / lieutenant
Columbo / media or st. Augustine Ian dot
blog spot.com and look for important dr.
Robert a morir links
I'm still waiting for someone on Phil
Donahue when he he loves to get a
Christian and try to make them squirm a
few times some Christians sneak onto the
program you'll say you mean to tell me
you think you're elected us trail and
I'm waiting for someone to say yes just
as much as you thank you very much some
of you may have watched hard copy this
week did any of you see that the way
number one Johnny Carson where this
woman I think it was share they said
well what are you doing now that you've
dumped your husband she said oh I'm
living in sin and she laughed and Kitab
because she had picked up this young guy
about 10 15 years younger than her and
they were shacked up so she laughed and
guffawed and for several minutes
everyone was laughing riotously because
she made a big deal of the fact that she
was living in sin oh I know how they yuk
it up and laugh on those talk shows aah
when did you lose your virginity oh it
was a 14 years old with the preacher's
daughter out the cornfields that was
David soul of hot bed of hot ski
whatever this people were that little
type of TV program whether it was
took the preacher's daughter out in the
cornfield when he was around 13 years
old and they laugh about losing your
virginity look you don't be ashamed of
that you be proud I'll do it it's
relaxation so I'm sitting watching
television reading the tabloids reading
the encyclopedia of Bible knowledge or
whatever it is because it's relaxing
Tony Evans on One Show said Shadrach
Meshach and one bad negro no we're not
going to make that mistake how to Phil
Donahue show this last week he had a
number of ppl on ur one session dealt
with the issue of pain and suffering a
knee Donahue as is typical of his
ungodly manner last night on Barney
Miller there was a guy who was sitting
in jail i forget what he'd been arrested
for there is a fad right now in
hollywood call life extension there's a
couple who go around we've seen him on
various talk shows they have a huge book
they sell now they're marketing a line
of vitamin we get on these talk shows
and was it Pat Boone's daughter was on
the morn again and if it truly of
American you turn on SIL Donahue
you turn on the talk show and let a
Christian say something the hatred
matter of fact that one show where they
had all these transsexuals and
transvestites setting up their neck
Lori's references to television talk
shows are innumerable on his research
education foundation audio cassettes and
apparently Phil Donahue as he describes
as an ungodly person is one of his
favorite people to spend time watching
the next clip you'll hear is true seeker
Bob giving advice to parents do you sit
and talk with your children about the
ways of the Lord or you're just all
glued to the boob tube Robert Maury who
has claimed in his ministry mailings
that he held a degree from a theological
seminary jaranwala Pakistan has had this
supposed degree revoked by the same
Institute the certificate of
cancellation is seen here and the school
can be contacted for more information
Maury claims in newsletters that he is
mailed out by the thousands nationwide
during different years that the wessel
brothers of Texas had embezzled and
stolen large sums of money from his
ministry and therefore he needs
supporters to send him as much money as
they can to make up for this Maury has
consistently made these claims about the
wessels brothers who he in more recent
years refers to as the Russell brothers
of Texas these claims have been made by
national mailings word of mouth facts in
his church at national conferences and
even on his national radio show over
many years documentation and witness
testimonies indicate Maury has claimed
the whistles have stolen anywhere from
thirty thousand dollars to as much as
150 thousand dollars instead of turning
the wessels over to law enforcement
officials for criminal prosecution Maury
has chosen to seek those who will
believe is lessels Russell brothers of
Texas story in order to
secure sympathy and financial support if
Maurice claims about the Wessels and/or
Russell brothers are untrue then Maury
is telling false stories in order to
obtain money from the public if you or
someone you know has heard this story or
more importantly if you have actually
given money to Robert Maury as a result
of this story please contact us right
away please contact larry whistles post
office box 14 4441 austin texas 787 14
or call 5 12 to 18 8022 and leave a
message and now for a final word from
true seeker Robert Maury David welcome
to true seekers hello dr. Moy how are
you I'm doing fine having more fun than
is legal than is legal in his legal in
his legal in his